Adds top-level `qml.compile` transform. (#1475)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: .github/CHANGELOG.md

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* PennyLane can now perform quantum circuit optimization using the

>   top-level transform `qml.compile`.

Reviewer: This summary sounds a bit confusing to me, given the _other_ changelog items above introducing optimization transforms 😆 

Perhaps best to reword it in terms of what `qml.compile()` does? E.g., "combine optimization units to construct your own bespoke optimization pipeline" or something along those lines

  [(#1475)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/1475)

  For example, take the following quantum function:

  ```python
  def qfunc(x, y, z):
      qml.Hadamard(wires=0)
      qml.Hadamard(wires=1)
      qml.Hadamard(wires=2)
      qml.RZ(z, wires=2)
      qml.CNOT(wires=[2, 1])
      qml.RX(z, wires=0)
      qml.CNOT(wires=[1, 0])
      qml.RX(x, wires=0)
      qml.CNOT(wires=[1, 0])
      qml.RZ(-z, wires=2)
      qml.RX(y, wires=2)
      qml.PauliY(wires=2)
      qml.CY(wires=[1, 2])
      return qml.expval(qml.PauliZ(wires=0))
  ```

  ```pycon
  >>> dev = qml.device('default.qubit', wires=[0, 1, 2])

>   >>> compiled_qfunc = qml.compile()(qfunc)

Reviewer: Wait, what does it do by default?

  >>> compiled_qnode = qml.QNode(compiled_qfunc, dev)
  >>> print(qml.draw(compiled_qnode)(0.2, 0.3, 0.4))
   0: ──H───RX(0.6)───────────────────┤ ⟨Z⟩
   1: ──H──╭X─────────────────╭CY─────┤
   2: ──H──╰C────────RX(0.3)──╰CY──Y──┤
  ```

  The ``qml.compile`` transform is flexible and accepts a custom pipeline

>   of quantum function transforms (you can even write your own transform!).

Reviewer 2: It would be useful to see an example of passing a custom pipeline as well as the default behaviour given above. But maybe the changelog entry doesn't need that much detail?

Author: Good idea, I'll add an example, and this will also help clarify what the default behaviour is :+1:

Author: ```suggestion
  of tape and quantum function transforms (you can even write your own!).
```

<h3>New features since last release</h3>

* PennyLane can now perform quantum circuit optimization using the
  top-level transform `qml.compile`. The `compile` transform allows you
  to chain together sequences of tape and quantum function transforms

>   into custom circuit optimization pipeline.

Author: ```suggestion
  into custom circuit optimization pipelines.
```
